Chapter 1: The Spear of Dreams

Sarah is lost in the cold, dark, land of <woods name undetermined>
She must navigate the terrain during a terrible blizzard that results in a lot of snow.
She sees a distant glow of a fire.
An old man is sitting at the fire next to a notebook of some sort.
He seems delighted to be in the blizzard and explains that the cave ahead is full of creatures that he was documenting in his notebook.
(Sarah can step on his notebook)
He also explains that there is a spear inside of the cave that leads people to the land of dreams.
He explains the power of this spear and how it can do magical things.
Sarah must return home but seeks shelter inside of the cave.
The cave closes her in, and she is in a dark cave with no light.
A blue glow appears ahead, and she discovers the beautiful creatures in the cave.
She marvels at the creatures and understand the old man’s words about the true magic of the cave.
She then finds that there is evil too, and she must quickly navigate the cave as it falls apart.
(There are still checkpoints in this section)
She finally stumbles upon a spear. The spear is glowing, and whispers are telling her to pick it up. 
She grabs it and she passes out.


Chapter 2: A glimpse of dreamland

(Beautiful music plays)
Sarah is in an unfamiliar world that looks like her own, but with many creatures and plants.
There is rain, but it falls slowly, and it twinkles.
She sees the spear; it is sitting on a cliff.
She goes to grab it, but it flies away to another cliff.
She follows the spear to a door.
She uses a key to open it, and she goes inside.
She wakes up in the middle of nowhere.
It is dark and the blizzard continues.
She is covered in snow and brushes it off.
A series of platforming gets her to a pile of snow with the spear in it.

The old man appears.
He says its power is lower, and it can only be thrown and returned. 
He says that once it is powered up by the dream fragments, it can truly reach its full power.
When Sarah asks what it can do, the old man seems scared and disappears.
Sarah is left in the cold with the spear.
She starts a fire by pressing (down)
And she falls asleep.
